# Minutes of Antennas Telecon
## Date: 2020-03-02
## Present: 
- [x] Dirk de Villiers
- [x] Eloy de Lera Acedo
- [x] Nima Razavi
- [ ] Nicolas Fagnoni
- [x] John Cumner
- [x] Quentin Gueuning
- [ ] Nafsika Memeletzoglou
- [ ] Steve Carey
- [ ] Christophe Craeye
- [x] Jean Cavillot
- [ ] Christos Kolitsidas
- [ ] Iman Farhat
- [x] Ian Roque 
- [ ] Paul
- [x] Harry Bevins
- [x] Dominic Anstey
- [x] Ergin Dinc

## Discussions
- Dirk discusses the current progress with manufacturing: Antenna arms are in for treatment, rest of stuff ordered and on the way
- Chromaticity issues are more sorted out than last time.  John will simulate several different ground plane sizes for the Hex-Dip to compare properly.
- Discussion about antenna ground plane. Elevating GP could be very difficult, but so also levelling the ground.  Dirk will try to get price estimates.
- RX-box DC supply design must be done carefully.  Will discuss again at RX call next week.

## Action Items
- Eloy and Dirk to engage with SKA site staff about ground work (levelling and trenching)
- John will do simulations of varying ground plane sizes for chromaticity comparison.
- Dom will put above through thr pipeline.
- John still working on geometric variation modelling via CBFPs
- Dirk is getting quotes for ground mesh etc

## Next Agenda
- Next meeting 2020-03-16 (Dirk will possibly not join - travelling)
- Geometric variation effects on the pattern
- TBD
- AoB
